This is a framework packaging of ASIHTTPRequest (https://github.com/pokeb/asi-http-request). It simply tracks the master branch in that repo and packages it in an easy to use setup. It is compiled for armv6 and armv7.

== How to install & use ==
* Download the latest ASIHTTPFramework.framework.(zip|tar) bundle from github.
* Unzip/untar and place in the top-level directory of your iOS project. (Ie at the same level as the .xcodeproj.)
* Add the framework to XCode (in XCode4.2): 
** In the project navigator, select your project
** Select your target
** Select the 'Build Phases' tab
** Open 'Link Binaries With Libraries' expander
** Click the '+' button
** Click "Add Other..." in the bottom left
** A file chooser opens and you should navigate to your project folder and select the .framework just unzipped.
* Add the following import to your .h files where you'd like to use the library:
#import <ASIHTTPFramework/ASIHTTPFramework.h>

== How to build the framework bundle ==
From the command line:

$ make default TARGETNAME=ASIHTTPFramework CONFIGURATION=Release PROJECT_NAME=iPhone PRODUCT_NAME=ASIHTTPFramework PROJECT_DIR=.

== About ==

ASIHTTPRequest is an easy to use wrapper around the CFNetwork API that makes some of the more tedious aspects of communicating with web servers easier. It is written in Objective-C and works in both Mac OS X and iPhone applications.

It is suitable performing basic HTTP requests and interacting with REST-based services (GET / POST / PUT / DELETE). The included ASIFormDataRequest subclass makes it easy to submit POST data and files using multipart/form-data.

== Compatibility ==

ASIHTTPRequest is compatible with Mac OS 10.5 or later, and iOS 3.0 or later.

== Documentation ==

Documentation is available "here":http://allseeing-i.com/ASIHTTPRequest.

== See also ==
* https://github.com/politovao/ASIHTTPRequest.framework <- Not compiled for armv6
* https://github.com/apouche/asi-http-request <- .sh and setup stolen from this repo